h1. Styleyt

h2. Goal of the project

* A general styling who could be easily be applied to the different CyT projects.
* The styling must be theme based and be easily to change and modify.
** It must have a color theme.
** It must have a icon theme.
** It must have a look and feel theme.

h2. Realisation

* It must be usable as an rails extension.
* Installation should be installed via "rails generate styleyt:install" or "rails generate styleyt:install:[theme]"
** "rails generate styleyt:install" must be after generation configured by hand -> colors etc.

h2. Documentation

Documentation is maintained in a "Wiki":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/styleyt/wiki.

h2. Contributing

Code is available at "github":http://github.com/CyTeam/styleyt.

Issue tracking is done using "Redmine":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/mailyt/issues.

To get an idea on what we're currently focus on visit the "Roadmap":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/styleyt/issues.

h2. License

Read the "human-readable summary":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/GPL/2.0 to get an idea
of your right to use this software.

Copyright 2007-2010 Simon Hürlimann <simon.huerlimann@cyt.ch>
Copyright 2010 Ramon Egloff <ramon.egloff@cyt.ch>
Copyright 2010 Roman Simecek <roman.simecek@cyt.ch>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301,
USA.

